add troubleshooting of http proxy setting (#240)
harvester/docs: docs/airgap.md

Harvester appends necessary addresses to user configured `no-proxy` to ensure the internal traffic works.
i.e., `localhost,127.0.0.1,0.0.0.0,10.0.0.0/8,longhorn-system,cattle-system,cattle-system.svc,.svc,.cluster.local`

> When the nodes in the cluster are not using a proxy to communicate with each other, after the first node is installed successfully, you need to add the CIDR to `no-proxy`. Please refer to [fail to deploy multi-node cluster](/troubleshooting/harvester.md#fail-to-deploy-multi-node-cluster-due-to-incorrect-http-proxy-setting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the nodes in the cluster do not use a proxy to communicate with each other, the CIDR needs to be added to `no-proxy` after the first node is installed successfully. Please refer to [Failure to deploy a multi-node cluster] (/troubleshooting/harvester.md#fail-to-deploy-multi-node-cluster-due-to-incorrect-http-proxy-setting).
```
